Pat: (3 seconds) Er, it looks like a sunny day, the window might be open (1 second) the (1 second) the curtains open like a theatre onto the stage of the garden, which is very traditional, the path leading to a gate. It looks like a greenhouse (1 second) er in the distance and some shrubs and a house. There’s a tree (1 second) er there’s another house (2 seconds) er with curtained windows er draped sideways in the distance in the window. There are two cups and a plate on the draining board, and the lady who is presumably a mother dressed in a dress and (1 second) apron, waist size apron, she’s wiping a plate, a dinner plate, and there’s another one of those on, on the counter top. The sink is overflowing, I can’t see which tap is turned but there’s a, er (1 second) an elbow of er (1 second) water in the centre so it’s a mixer tap. And water is splashing, it is up to her feet, she’s wearing mule type slippers, er she has a fringe and a bob in her haircut, she’s not wearing any jewellery. Cupboards, the lower cupboards near the sink have vertical handles, you can’t see in them. Er, the top of the curtain is ruffled. Background of the picture, the children are, other lower, and you can see a higher cupboard, one door is open and there’s a cookie jar. The boy who’s wearing a shirt with a collar and shorts and er ankle height socks and (2 seconds) shoes is standing on a stool, three legged stool with a round top, probably wooden, and he’s overbalancing as he reaches into the cookie jar which is (?) he is offering the first cookie to the girl who’s standing below him; she’s wearing a (2 seconds) dress with a dropped waist or t-shirt and (?) skirt, very short um (1 second) high above her knee, she’s also wearing ankle sho, socks and (1 second) little shoes with an open part at the front be, be, for her toe, which is closed. Um, he’s about to fall, she’s reaching up to take her cookie; she may already have one in her mouth (?) and it’s reaching towards her mouth. She also has a fringe and a slightly longer bob. The boy’s hair has a curl at the front and (1 second) er (1 second) is short at the back.
