Pat: (2 seconds) Oh. (8 seconds) Um OK. There’s a lady who looks like
she was doing the washing up and she’s forgotten to turn the tap off and
there’s water overflowing from the sink and it’s going all over the (1
second) floor. Meanwhile, her children are trying to get into the cookie
jar; there’s a boy standing on a stool, which is tipping over, and the
little girl reaching up to him while he’s trying to pass down the
cookie. Um, she’s got um, she’s, the lady is standing by the window, um
looks like it ope, looks out onto her garden where there seems to be a
little pathway. The window’s half open. Er, she’s got curtains that are
draped um at the window and with tiebacks on both sides. Um, she’s got
cupboards around the (1 second) hold on (1 second) picture’s gone. She’s
got cupboard, cupboard units um around the bottom; there seem to be er
about, well there’s one, two, three, four, five, six, six with, er well
three that you can see with door handles on, looks like probably six
cupboards under the window, and then there’s, looks like there’s some
more cupboards um going round the corner and then there’s another
cupboard where the boy’s reaching up to the cookie jar. Um, the curtains
have a, a sorta frill along the top. Er, the lady’s wearing a dress and
a pinafore (1 second) and shoes. The little boy’s wearing a t-shirt and
shorts and shoes and socks, and the little girl is wearing a dress or it
could be a t-shirt and a skirt, and she’s got shoes and socks on. Um,
the little girl has sort of blondish um shoulder length hair; sorry,
it’s gone again. (8 seconds) Um, yeah, blo, blondish shoulder length
hair; the boy’s got short hair, er, and I think I’ve already said he’s
wearing a t-shirt and, and shorts. Um (1 second) I think (1 second)
yeah, from the window you can also see, er it looks like either another
house next door, er there are some bushes along the left-hand side, and
it looks like lawn on the right-hand side and then there’s a tree in the
distance. (2 seconds)
