Pat: Right, it’s a photograph of a, a drawing of a kitchen. There are two children, um a young girl and a boy; the boy is climbing on a chair to get some biscuits out of a cookie jar, um the chair is about to fall over. He’s got some in his hand ready to pass them down to the little girl. Um, the mother is there, she’s er doing the washing up but she’s obviously not paying much attention because the sink is overflowing. She’s drying one dish, um she’s wearing an apron, there’s some er (1 second) plates on the work surface next to her. The window is open, the curtains are drawn back, you can see out into the garden where there’s a path and various plants, you can see another window. Um, the little girl is wearing a skirt and a t-shirt; the little boy’s wearing shorts and t-shirt; the lady is wearing a dress with I think it’s possibly an apron over it. She has short hair, um the little girl has sort of shoulder hair, length hair; the little boy has short hair. He’s passing some cookies down to the little girl; I think I’ve probably already mentioned that. Um, let me see; there are, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven cupboards underneath the work surface, er there are three cupboards on top, one of which has got the cookie jar in it which the boy is taking things out of it. Out in the garden, as I say, you can see some trees, a path, grass, possibly another house in the background as well, I can see some curtains in another window. Um, the lady’s standing in the water and so she’s not paying much attention to what she’s doing; she must be looking at something really interesting er cos she must have very wet feet. The little boy has socks and shoes on, they appear to be, the socks appear to be falling doo, down. The little girl also has socks and shoes on. Um, ch-ch-ch-ch,let me see what else can I see? I think that’s probably about everything. Um, let me see; there’s one, two, three, four, five, six, seven cupboards under, under the work surface and one, two, three, four, sorry, one, two, three above it. Um (2 seconds) the curtains are held back in place; I think I’ve probably already mentioned that. There’s not a great deal there that I can see really. The little girl is sort learning over backwards slightly um rea, as she’s reaching her hand up to take the cookie from the er, the little boy. (2 seconds) Um, no, that’s pretty much it that I can see. (1 second) Yeah, I can’t, can’t spot anything else; I think I’ve gone through everything.
