Pat: It looks like a lady, um (?) the mum; er she is washing up, or she looks like she’s drying up, it looks like she has washed up and er the sink is overflowing cos she, it looks like the tap is still running and it’s um splashing out down the cupboards onto the floor. Um, she’s wearing like a 1950s style dress um with a little bit of an apron it looks like, and it looks as though the water is, she’s stood in the water. Um, the window is open and you can see a path and another house maybe and a bit of garden. Um, there’s two kids; there looks to be a boy and a girl. Um, the boy is stood on a stool and he looks like he’s pinching some cookies out the cookie jar which is on the top shelf of the um (tuts) high cupboard and it looks like he might be passing one to what I assume is his sister, but at the same time the stool looks as though it’s on its um, on the edge of its legs and it, it might be tip, it, it is tipping over, and I’m not sure if his sister’s eating a cookie or she’s laughing at him. Um, the, the cupboard door is open, um all the other cup, cupboard doors are shut. Um (tuts) there looks to be a cup and saucer, maybe a bowl and a plate on the side that what I assume is the mum looks as though she’s drying up the plates. Um (2 seconds) yeah, I don’t know if the little girl, she looks to be wearing a skirt or it looks quite, it seems to be quite sure or whether it’s just like a long top and she might be wearing leggings or maybe they’re ankle socks. It’s in black and white and it’s just a line drawing so it, it looks quite um (2 seconds) yeah, difficult to just, just see; there’s a, quite a lot of detail. Um, outside there looks to be a tree, maybe some bushes, the curtains are at the window in um like a sash kind of way and it looks like the window is (1 second) um (tuts) (1 second) yeah, kind of pushed up, er which is open, um, and it’s got um like a square grid on the windows. And mum looks like she’s got quite short hair um, you know, kind of a short bob. The boy looks like he might have dark hair, um just the way that it’s shaded. (7 seconds) I think that’s about it.
