Pat: (3 seconds) Oh.
Oth: Just, just describe the picture.
Pat: Right, boy and a girl; boy on a stool which is falling over, girl reaching up. They’ve got to a cookie jar; he’s handing her a cookie. He looks like he’s gonna fall fr, on his back. Mum’s there drying the pots (laughs) the sink’s full and there’s water pooling on the floor; mum seems oblivious, kids are oblivious. Er, there’s a lot of health and safety issues at stake. There’s some pots there that look as if they’ve been dried. Um, and then looking through the window, there’s a bit of a driveway and a bit of a garden, um there’s sort of like square panelled window, there’s some curtains with tiebacks, there’s about si, eight cupboards; the one that’s, with the cookie jar is a jar. Um (1 second) they seem to be quite happy, the boy and the girl, at the moment, till he breaks his neck. Um (1 second) yeah, there’s lots of er issues going off there. Mum’s making sure that the pots are clean. Interesting to see that it’s a woman who’s drying the pots and doing the pots and looking after the children, rather than a man; um (1 second) I suppose that’s par for the course. Er, I can see some trees in the backgro, ground through the window. I can see what looks like the roof of another house and I can see, it looks like shrubs but it could be people, in the distance. Yes, mum, even though she’s standing in the pool of water is totally oblivious and she looks like she’s come off the old Fairy um washing up liquid advert and she’s sorta posing there. Cookie jar is absolutely enormous but, judging by them, they’re not part of the obesity crisis; the, the two children are quite slim. It looks quite a dated um picture, probably 1950s/1960s um circa. Um, I don’t know whether that water’s hot or cold, but if it’s hot then she could burn herself. I can see some handles on the cupboard doors, um, and (1 second) yeah, she’s got like a sleeveless dress on and a, an old-fashioned like pinny over the top of it and knee-length skirt and sort of little pumps on and she’s got her hair sort of to her ears in a sort of bob, with a fringe. Doesn’t look like she’s got makeup on, she’s not wearing glasses. I can’t see that she’s wearing any bracelets, earrings or jewellery at all.
