Pat: (1 second) So there is a picture of a, I, I’d argue, perhaps a
family; there’s a mother, two children. There um is a, the mother is
standing by a window, got the window open, she’s washing up a plate; she
could perhaps be, argue, daydreaming or distracted because she’s washing
a plate and as she’s doing it the sink is overflowing. So she may be
distracted when she’s been thinking about turning the tap off, and the
other reason I’d argue that she’s distracted is because she’s also got
the two children, or whoever they are, in the background kinda doing
dangerous things. So one of them is standing on a stool in order to be
able to get to a cupboard which is open and to access a cookie jar,
which is on the top shelf. They’re also trying to um pass it down to a
girl as well, perhaps their sister, and that might be the reason that
they’ve kinda gone off balance as they’re doing it, when they’re taking
the cookies out. Outside the window looks like you’ve got a tree, a
bush, and it’s kinda showing part of the neighbour’s garden as well.
There are a number of different cupboards in the room; some of these are
at lower level, there’s some at high level. On the side of the (1
second) sink there are different um plates, there’s different cups there
as well, and there’s also in the curtain, you can see that one curtain
is tied back, perhaps the other one isn’t, but you can’t tell because
the view’s kind of ex, obscured from where the, the lady’s standing. I
think she perhaps has got an apron on as well while she’s doing the
washing up. (3 seconds) The water, where it’s overflowing, is splashing
off the side as it goes down into forming a pool as well, so perhaps
it’s been on for a while, it’s not just started to overflow. (2 seconds)
On the cookie jar you can see that the lid’s open and that you can see
the cookies in there, as well as it being labelled as a cookie jar. The
child, I think they’ve got one in their hand already and they’re going
for a second one that they’re passing on. The girl has got socks on and
kinda sandal shoes and the boy has perhaps got boots on, it’s hard to
tell what they are. Um (1 second) the mum, or whoever she is, has got
sorta bob hair and the girl’s got perhaps got a bit longer, and I
think she’s got a fringe, as does the mum. Um, the boy who’s climbing up
has kinda got some hair that’s brushed backwards.
